src/pages/about/index.md, before:

---
layout: ../../layouts/PostLayout.astro
title: About Me
description: Everything you never needed to know about me.
---
  
<Img
  src="/src/img/me.png"
  alt="A picture of me, John Eatmon, standing in front of a snowy Mount Rainier on a sunny day."
  preload="avif"
  loading="eager"
/>

Hi, there. My name is John.

I’m a content strategist from Orlando living in Tacoma. I love working at the intersection of content and design. When I’m not at my desk, I’m most likely [hiking](/hikes) around the beautiful state of WA.

Feel free to follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jmaeat) or [GitHub](https://github.com/jmaeat).

## Colophon

This website is built with [Astro](https://astro.build/), a dash of CSS, and a hint of JavaScript. This site is hosted for free by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). There are no trackers or ads on this site — rejoice!

This site is typeset in [Gambetta](https://www.fontshare.com/fonts/gambetta) by Indian Type Foundry.

## Contact

Email: [hi@jmae.xyz](mailto:hi@jmae.xyz?subject=Hello)

Commit message:

feat: add source code link

src/pages/about/index.md, after:

---
layout: ../../layouts/PostLayout.astro
title: About Me
description: Everything you never needed to know about me.
---
  
<Img
  src="/src/img/me.png"
  alt="A picture of me, John Eatmon, standing in front of a snowy Mount Rainier on a sunny day."
  preload="avif"
  loading="eager"
/>

Hi, there. My name is John.

I’m a content strategist from Orlando living in Tacoma. I love working at the intersection of content and design. When I’m not at my desk, I’m most likely [hiking](/hikes) around the beautiful state of WA.

Feel free to follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jmaeat) or [GitHub](https://github.com/jmaeat).

## Colophon

This website is built with [Astro](https://astro.build/), a dash of CSS, and a hint of JavaScript. This site is hosted for free by [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). There are no trackers or ads on this site — rejoice! You can [view the source code here](https://github.com/jmaeat/www).

This site is typeset in [Gambetta](https://www.fontshare.com/fonts/gambetta) by Indian Type Foundry.

## Contact

Email: [hi@jmae.xyz](mailto:hi@jmae.xyz?subject=Hello)
